---
title: 2021-07-26 Seasons Beatings
date: 2021-07-26T23:00:00.000Z
---
<!--StartFragment-->

"… We're here to murder you!" Reef says.

 

"You fools!  Do you understand the consequences of your actions?" the dryads say.  They are dryads of Summer, Winter, and Spring.

 

They fight.

 

Krux starts it off with a couple of quick crossbow bolts to two of the dryads.  After a quick round, a vine sphere appears and blocks Krux out.  He climbs to the top as fighting continues. 

 

Reef and Mano take on the dryads as Krux busts a hole in the top of the vine sphere in order to see into the battle and give air support.  After he does so, a couple of animated shrubs (with mauls) appear in the ley line circle on the ground.  Then the Winter dryad does a spell to blink through the trees and tries to escape through the forest. 

 

Mano incinerates the Summer dryad and one of the shrubs in a fiery cone.  Everyone is impressed, he hopes.

 

Reef stabs the other shrub with his trident and it "explodes of divinity."

 

Krux takes aim at the Winter dryad on the run and exclaims, "Cedar later!"  The shot lands fatally.

 

The last remaining  dryad, Spring, runs to the middle of the ley line circle and starts hovering.

 

Mano shoots a (tiny) laser of a fire bolt into the Spring dryad.

 

Reef chucks his trident into her.  She releases a guttural scream and falls the ground as she explodes.

 

But…

 

The circle on the ground begins to vibrate and oscillate between the different colors of blue, green, and red (from the dryads).  A three headed Treant bursts forth from the center of the circle, a pissed off combination of the spirits of the dryads.

 

It smashes Mano into the ground.  The Aasimar goes night-night.

 

Krux shoots a bolt into the Treant.

 

Reef continues stabbing.

 

Krux shoots another bolt.

 

Reef continues stabbing.

 

Krux runs over to heal Mano.

 

Mano wakes up and blasts the Treant with fire.

 

Reef stops stabbing.  He does some divine shit and ends up making some more explosions of divinity.

 

The Treant continues swinging at Reef.

 

Krux heals Mano again.

 

Mano lights the Treant up again.  Fire funnels from a hole in its leg all the way through its face.

 

Reef begins stabbing again, this time, killing the Treant.

 

The party takes an unidentified trophy from the Treant.  Mano holds on to it.  They head back to John Finger. 

19 of the men are seen on the way to the town square, dead in the Fey woods.  Mano takes 51 copper and a couple pictures of kids on the bodies of the men.

They see him in the square.  Families of those who have returned are greeting their men.

 

The party talks to John Finger and explains what they did. 

 

Krux asks for a tip, and Finger offers two extra +1 weapons (Krux and Mano take one to be defined by next session).  Mano hands back the pictures of the children he found on the men in the forest to Finger.  They explain how to get to the rest of the bodies and toss Finger a sea pickle (Reef throws it at his face).  He asks for a weapon back for this insult. 

 

The boys take off!  They hop in the wagon and head back to the MHG.

<!--EndFragment-->