---

title: "8-14-2020: The Beginning"

---

The band of boobs were asked by the Waterdeep government to find out who had taken a foreboding key from a government vessel that had its crew assailed by some unknown pirates that are thought to be from the Wild Tide Island. At the time, the band of boobs did not have a boat and they we're graciously given an immaculate Kracken XKZ Thunderbird by the handsome Steve Boatman to reach said island.

The band of boobs consisted of:

Steve Boatman, a handsome boat salesman with a troubled past and a knack for persuasion, who can't actually show that quite yet for some unspeakable reason.

Nub Emerald Bubbly, a ***short*** magical gnome and salty sea dog navigator who has penchant for the magical curios

Lackner?, a 20 year old innocent Abby boy who wears his heart on his sleeve and tries his best despite living a sheltered life

Bovrick Swiftwind, a rough and tumble gangster druid who does not take no shit from anyone.

And Goat, the Pussy Slayer.

The boobs arrived at said Island and immediately try to gather information on where this key might be located, which involved making a racket at the local tavern, Bubba Gump Shrimp. The biggest of the boobs, Goat, challenged the biggest pirate in the tavern to an arm wrestle and destroyed them causing Nub to embarrass himself in front of the whole bar as he tried to puff his chest and show pirates who's the baddest crew in town, but the pirates did not give a shit because it was their day off. Then the most innocent of the boobs, Laeknir, tried a more direct approach by buying a group of pirates several rounds of overly expensive ale in attempt to gain more information about who might of took the key. He obviously was being taken advantage of as the pirates had no interest in answering any of his questions. Fortunately, a pirate of the name Old Dirty Bastard took pity in the group and pulled Laeknir and the rest of the group aside to tell them they need to calm down and look elsewhere.

Also, they found out there was a pirate ship that was sponsored by Monster, the balliest ship in the bay. (What was that crew's name?)

After gaining no information at the tavern, the boobs eventually found an old man who happened to be a blind map maker, Micki is his name (No e), who drew out for them a map of Wilde Tide Island, despite being bewildered by the request. Micki told them no man has successfully has gone beyond the river of Wilde Tide Island and lived except for the famed author, Melzrick El-Door, implying that they are dangerous creatures that lie out in the jungle waiting. Micki then told the boobs he heard a man called "Despicable Grimes" talk to someone in the tree line about bringing something to him when he gets it, and that the blacksmith is also been seen talking to Grimes on occasion. 

Obviously, the boobs then go the blacksmith, Goo-rag. The blacksmith hits on Nub because of his fat ass. The boobs then find out that there is a bridge directly North that leads into the Forbidden Jungle and head off towards it, but not before dropping approximately 1.6k+ worth of gold at the shop. 

The boobs encounter the river where the bridge was supposed to be, but saw that it had been cut off from the other side, implying that someone did not want to be followed. The boobs crossed the river each in their own fashion while being attacked by a crocodile.

Nub rode atop of Goat putting a semi-useless block of ice in the middle of the river.

Bovrick turned into a smaller crocodile and sadly got chomped by the bigger crocodile

Laeknir acrobatically jumped over the river using the block of ice Nub created.

And Steve blew up the crocodile then casually swam across.

That is where the session ended