---

title: "8-28-2020: Lizards, T-Rexs, Dragons Oh My"

---

>TLDR: Boobs fight t-rexes. Boobs meet CoCo and Craw-too. Boobs learn about spooky sea dragon and lizard people. Boobs accept quest to fight pterodactyls so they can see the lizard people. Boobs fight pterodactyls. Everybody happy.

---

We last left off with our band of boobs as they were just getting across the river after bonding by sitting on top each other's shoulders and killing a single crocodile. After crossing they had to figure where to go and luckily Laqner and Steve were able to eye small break in the jungle line where it appeared it had been recently cut through by someone.

Boverick thinking that there might be more than meets the eye while also being coaxed by his teammates as he is the team's only druid decided get down on all fours and sniff and lick the freshly walked path. He discerned that the path was indeed a normal path.

After picking who was line leader, the band of boobs decided to march into the jungle and only after a 2 hour trek Boverick noticed a 5 foot Cuban Anole laid vertically against a tree. Sadly, Boverick instead interpreted this lizard to be a Dragon instead. Goat being an apparently huge pussy when it comes to dragons promptly freaked out, which started a huge fight between the group debating whether the lizard was indeed a lizard or dragon. While the debate ensued Laqner slipped away and started to pet the unknown Lizard Dragon against his better judgement. 

But not long after the group noticed that Laqner was petting the strange Lizard that enjoyed butt scratches, they were attacked causing the lizard to scurry up the tree. 
A T-Rex had broken through the tree line and snatched Steve in it's maw injuring him severely. The boobs then prepared for combat shortly after seeing another T-Rex appear.
The battle kinda went as followed:

Steve shot some bolts of purple energy and played some bongos inspiring Goat and Laqner, but not before getting as far as he could away from the T-Rex that spat him out.

Laqner graciously healed Steve with some kind words while blessing the party.

Boverick used his WarHammer? to crack the T-Rex skulls, and solved a Trigonometry puzzle of where to place his spell (I for some reason don't remember this)?

And Nub tried to make a rave show for the conservative T-Rex with his Dancing Light spells, but they proved to apparently not be into that kind of thing. He also made a grease puddle where one T-Rex got to be the star of a slapstick comedy.

Goat swallowed how much of a puss he was and went into a rage and started to smack the shit out of the T-Rexs. Eventually taking his sword like King Arthur and putting into the T-Rex's skull.

The boobs then we're frightened as they thought they heard another dinosaur start to rumble behind them. They were soon surprised to see a native man riding a Triceratops skewer the remaining T-Rex. That native man went by CoCo and his Triceratops went by the apt name, Bean.

Goat talked to CoCo asking him if he had seen a man named "Grimes". CoCo did not really give him a great answer, but instead told him to follow him to his village to talk to his Dad.
As the group followed CoCo, CoCo denied Steve to ride with him on his Triceratops and Nub Bubbly started to question the native's motives. Nub racked his brain on whether he should trust CoCo or not, eventually talking to the group about his feelings.

The boobs then arrived at the Native Village.

Nub once again stared down the locals for the only reason being that they looked at him.
CoCo lead them to an old man sitting atop of a boulder which the group learned to be CoCo's dad, Craw-Too the village elder.

Goat apparently being the talkative leader of the group asked Craw-Too if he had seen a man named Grimes and danced around not telling him the group's true quest until Craw-Too coaxed it out of him.

Upon learning that the group was seeking a key, Craw-Too was reminded of a story his grand father told him about a mighty sea dragon that controlled the seas around Water Deep that would destroy any ships in its territory. He then told them that the Lords of Water Deep did not like that too much and hired some adventurers to slay or capture the beast and that the adventurers ended up locking the beast to this very island.

He also informed the boobs that the party most interested in freeing the beast, if it does exist, would be the Lizard Folk tribe on the island. He then preceeds to tell them that that he would take them to their land if they slay some pterodactyls hanging out around a massive tree called the Tree of Life. Those pterodactyls preventing the tribe collect the tree's fruit.

Laqner being the overly kind gentlemen he is decided to hang back and help some of the women sew some loincloths while maybe also proselytizing the natives while the gang went to solve the Pterodactyl Puzzle, but not before Steve was called racist by Goat for assuming the natives had some ancient passed down magical artifact and Goat tried to get dinosaur mounts for their trip.

The gang then arrived at the Tree of Life and blew the living shit out of 3 pterodactyls with a assortment of fire bolts, eldritch blasts, cross bow bolts, and hand axes.

The group then were told by Craw-too that the only way to make sure the Pterodactyls don't come back was to destroy their nests.

Boverick climbed the tree normally. Nub casted Jump on himself and attempted to leap frog up the tree and surprisingly succeeded.

Boverick then Yoked Goat and Steve as he tried to throw them some giant pterodactyl eggs.

Luckily Nub and Boverick were able to save two eggs with some acrobatic moves.

And that is where we left the boobs.

Come back next week for the session of The Adventures of Wildtide Island!