---
title: "9-23-2020: The Ending of Wild Tide Island... Or is it?"
---

We come back to our band of boobs after slaying some pesky pterodactyls that were
preventing the Mongwai from picking their fruit from the tree of life.

To thank the boobs for slaying the beasts Krottu, the village elder,
broke off some piece of the pterodactyls and fashioned some pterodactyl tooth necklaces that
protected the boobs from running into more dinosaurs as they walked through
the jungle. Also, Krottu rubbed pterodactyl blood on each of their foreheads
for good measure and to make a subtle reference to The Lion King. The boobs then
were lead by Koko, Bean, and Krottu to the lizard folk camp as their payment for 
assisting the Mongwai village.

On the way, Boverick turned into a giant frog, Laeknir made a giant frog mount, 
and Steve hugged Laeknir for stability as they rode atop Boverick (Not mention
Steve also being comfortable in his masculinity to hug another man and it not to be gay
because men too need physical affection despite what society dictates).


As the group neared the encampment, Koko and Bean departed before going any further due to not wanting
to risk their lives. While encroaching upon the lizard folk encampment near the 
river, a lizard folk scout hiding in the tree line domed Krottu with an arrow to the forehead, causing his limp dead body.
body to fall into the river where he was never to be seen again. 
Hopefully, that was a honorable death in the Mongwai tradition.

The scout was quickly dispatched by the band of boobs after Boverick cleared the 
river in a single leap with Laeknir and Steve riding atop him and Nub once again making a fool of himself
by falling into the river, but not before the scout was able to blow his horn.

The band then came upon the lizard folk encampment and saw several lizard folk
surrounding a dirty human they presumed to be Despicable Grimes. The gang devised
a plan involving holding the presumed leader of the lizard folk in
place while he roasted over a moonbeam and was thinly sliced Goat's blade while
the rest of the lizards were handled more freestyle. Things of note to in this fight
were:

* Laeknir, the purest boy to live, gave back a lizard man's shield when the lizard man
  missed Laeknir with it.
* Goat scored various critical hits on the beefiest of lizard men fileting him in the process.
* One lizard man was polishing his pole in the corner.
* Grimes was held chained to two huts, which Goat was able to free him from.
* Boverick chased a lizard man who went behind the waterfall that was directly behind
  the encampment by himself.
* Nub found a cool necklace on the beefy lizard corpse.
* Goat got a cool trident from the beefy lizard corpse.

After the group cleaned up the majority of the lizard men they decided to talk to 
Grimes and convinced him to team up with the party, but not before Nub blinded the poor man
when he tried to escape.

The group then unfortunately decided to split into three groups as Nub and Steve wanted to rest by the fire
while Laeknir and Grimes spooned in a hut (Laeknir was the little spoon), 
and Goat headed off to catch up to Boverick in the cave.

Goat lagged behind Boverick as both of them we are being assailed by stalactite mimics called piercers.
Eventually they caught up to each other after reaching a metal door with no handle, but had a slot for a serpent-like key, 
which was oddly shaped like the necklace Nub found on the beefy lizard man.

While Goat and Boverick ran into the cave to do their job, Steve and Nub talked about their childhood and favorite foods.
We learned that Nub wants to open a non-pawn-esque shop he calls an "Emporium" that he will sell used magical goods from
because he does not want to work at his Dad's pawn shop. We learn that Steve became a boat salesman because there were a lot
of boat lots in water deep and he wanted money. We also learn that Nub loves thick meaty sausages and learn
that Nub crosses the boundary of what is comfortable to say to strangers quite often ("*Cock Ring*").

After enjoying their B story fireside chats, they get hit by a lightning storm causing them to head into
the cave after Goat and Boverick leaving Laeknir to cuddle with Grimes in the love shack.

Steve and Nub get attacked by the same piercers as they reach to the end of the cave where
Goat and Boverick were trying to figure out how to open a metal door.

After the Boverick did a sweet kick near the door, which knocked some rocks around,
Nub was able to find a small hole that a gnome sized being could crawl through.
Nub was then sent through the hole after Steve sent Jeffery to scout it out.
They found a locked chest with another serpent shaped key hole. Then after 5-10 minutes
Nub had finally realized he had a serpent shaped necklace that could open the chest and the door.
The chest contained a serpent shaped silver short bow and 30 arrows and the door lead to
a large chamber. Within that chamber was a precarious stone bridge that led to a
round platform where a lizard man operated a large chained winch machine. As the boys opened
the door, Nub let loose a silver arrow hitting the lizard man which caused the lizard man to say 
"You're too late!" and caused the lizard to press another lever that caused the room to start to fill
with water from pipes along the chamber.

The boobs quickly sliced, fried, and shot the lizard man to death. They then saw the key
they were looking for was lodged into the machine and pulled the lever to stop it from winching
the chain. The boobs thought they were done and started to head out. As they crossed
the bridge, it shook back and forth as some force smashed against it causing
Goat to fall over to the side. Goat, thinking he was going to land in water, was surprised when
he fell upon a hard shell like surface. That force and surface being the dragon turtle they were told about from Krottu. 
While Goat climbed up the side of the bridge Boverick spent some time talking
to this dragon turtle and learned that he was a dick who was not really worth freeing from his chained existence.
As the band escaped they were hit by the dragon turtle's steam breath singeing them on their way out as Steve closed the door
behind them with his Mage hand.

The boys then picked up sleepy boy Laeknir and headed off back to the pirate town.
They ran into Koko and had to deliver the bad news that Krottu got domed by a lizard man.
Koko was then subsequently shortly depressed and realized he had to take on the new role of 
Village Chieftain. 

> I got lazy and copied the last part of Anus Ti's description

They arrived back to town and got some funny looks because they were carrying a VERY asleep abbey boy with them. They talked to Micky, who is pleased to receive a fully completed map (as far as he knows), and happily pays Nub the 10gp he promised him.  Ole Dirty Bastard saw them and said they basically had become legends on the island for coming back alive. They walk into the bar to grab a drink and everyone notices. Especially Flint the Squint McGint, who is not a fan of their new found glory. He doesn’t like that band either. He demanded a rematch on the arm wrestling match with Goat, calling his 200gp bet...

They arm wrestle. It is epic. But Flint has been working out in the past 48 hours. He defeats Goat in a grueling match... but then he says “...do you wanna make it interesting?” 
Flint bets his sick ass monster ship for the Kraken XKZ Thunderbird. 
Now everyone is watching the matchup. Steve uses his telepathy and magically suggests to Flint that he should lose this match, and Goat definitively slams his hand down, winning the sick ass monster ship along with its crew. Flint sadly says his goodbyes to his crew as red headed Oliver Twist comes up to Goat and says “Where are we headed, Cap’n?”

“Follow me boys. We’re headed to Waterdeep!”

Roll credits